Source: https://github.com/naens/hopcroft-tarjan (We took inspiration from this but we changed it because the code was outdated) Explanation: The python function takes an input of a list of edges (and also nodes optionally) and builds an adjacency list where every edge has a unique id/number associated with it. This is so that parallel edges between the same 2 nodes can be distinguished from each other. It then runs depth first search on every node which tracks: 
* Disc (when the node was first visited) 
* Low (earliest discovered node that is reachable from its subtree via back edge)
It utilizes Disc and Low, to compare how deep a node was discovered vs. how far back up the tree its subtree can reach with non-tree edges. As DFS recurses, it skips the exact edge it started on and it uses edge ID’s to determine that versus just its nodes so parallel edges can be handled correctly. After returning a child node (v), it’ll check 2 conditions: 
* If v’s subtree cannot reach above u -> u is an articulation point whose removal will disconnect v’s subtree.
* If v’s subtree can’t each u -> then the edge (u,v) is a bridge, whose removal disconnects the graph. 
The conditions compare Low[v] against Disc[u], so if Low[v] >= Disc[u], then the subtree under v has no back edge climbing above u. This means that it can’t reach u, making (u,v) a bridge. Root nodes in the DFS have a special edge case check, and they’re only critical if there’s 2+ children. This is because the root has no parent edge, so the Low value check won’t apply. Removing it would disconnect the children subtrees from each other. The outer loop makes sure all disconnected components are visited and the nodes parameter allows isolated nodes with 0 edges be included. 
